HAVE A GREAT NIGHT EVERYBODY.
TUCKER IS UP NEXT.
♪ ♪
>> Tucker: GOOD EVENING AND
WELCOME TO "TUCKER
CARLSON TONIGHT."
THE WHITE HOUSE HAS RELEASED
THEIR OFFER FOR AN IMMIGRATION
DEAL.
EVERYTHING THEY SAID THEY
WANTED.
LEGALIZATION AND A PATH TO
LAST TO GET HERE WOULD RECEIVE
AMNESTY.
VERY FEW OF THE PRESIDENT'S
AND SOME OF THEM ARE UPSET ABOUT
IT.
THE LEFT, WHAT'S THEIR REACTION
LIKE?
HAVING GOTTEN PRETTY MUCH
EXACTLY WHAT THEY DEMANDED A
MONTH THEY ARE ENRAGED.
NOT ONLY IS TRUMPS AMNESTY OFFER
NOT ENOUGH, THEY SAY, IT IS
EVIDENCE OF A RACIST PLOT.
ACCORDING TO THE ACLU "THE ONLY
COMMUNITY THAT BENEFITS FROM A
SUPPOSED GENEROSITY ARE WAYS OF
THE PLAN PROVED THAT "THE
CURRENT OPERATING PHILOSOPHY OF
THE TRUMP WHITE HOUSE IS
SUPREMACY."
AT EVAL CALLED THE PROPOSAL A
LEGISLATIVE BURNING CROSS AND
THE SENIOR DEMOCRAT IN THE HOUSE
OF REPRESENTATIVES SAID THIS.
>> LAST NIGHT, THE PRESIDENT PUT
FORTH A PLAN.
THAT PLAN IS A CAMPAIGN TO MAKE
AMERICA WHITE AGAIN.
THEY ARE CHANGING THE CHARACTER
OF OUR COUNTRY, BUT WHAT THEY
ARE PUTTING FORTH, THEY BRING A
TEAR TO THE EYE OF THE STATUE OF
LIBERTY AND THEY BRING FEAR TO
THE HEART OF PEOPLE WHO ARE HERE
PLAYING BY THE RULES.
>> Tucker: WE COULD GO ON AND
ON AND ON.
IT'S EVERYWHERE TODAY.
YOU SEE THE POINT.
THEY'RE TELLING YOU THIS PLAN IS
SOMETHING A PLAN COULD HAVE
WE TOOK THOSE CHARGES SERIOUSLY
BECAUSE WE THOUGHT WE SHOULD AND
WOULD WE TAKE A CLOSE LOOK AT
WHAT THE WHITE HOUSE IS ACTUALLY
PROPOSED.
WE FOUND THE PLAN WILL BE MANY
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALLT
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALLE
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALLM
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALLG
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALLO
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALL,
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALLB
THINGS, NONE OF         NOT ALLY
THE WAY.
BUT IT IS NOT WHITE NATIONALISM.
THE WHITE HOUSE PROPOSAL WOULD
THAT'S A LOT OF PEOPLE.
FOR PERSPECTIVE, 13 U.S. STATES
HAVE POPULATIONS SMALLER THAN
THAT.
HOW MANY OF THOSE BENEFICIARIES
ARE WHITE?
KEEP IN MIND, THAT WAS THE
CENTRAL QUESTION IN ANY PLAN
CRAFTED BY WHITES PHARMACISTS.
ALMOST NONE OF THEM.
2 MILLION WERE NONWHITE PEOPLE
IN THIS COUNTRY, THAT'S MORE
THAN THE TOTAL POPULATION OF
DELAWARE OR NEBRASKA.
THE PROPOSAL WOULD ALSO CONTINUE
IS EXHAUSTED.
WHAT COUNTRIES WILL BE THE TOP
BENEFICIARIES OF THIS NEW
ARRANGEMENT OVER THE TRUMP PLAN?
IF YOU GUESS TO FINLAND, NORWAY,
THOSE SWEDISH NATIONAL TEAM,
GUESS AGAIN.
NO EUROPEANS ON THE LIST.
ALSO VIETNAM, BANGLADESH THE
PLAY WOULD EVEN BRING IN MORE
THAN 50,000 ADDITIONAL
IMMIGRANTS FROM HAITI, THE
COUNTRY THAT THE PRESIDENT
SUPPOSEDLY HATES.
SURPRISED?
YOU SHOULDN'T BE.
NO MATTER WHAT THEY'RE TELLING
YOU ON TELEVISION, NO MAJORITY
WHITE COUNTRIES HAD LARGE
NUMBERS OF IMMIGRANTS TO THE
UNITED STATES.
THEY HAVEN'T IN 50 YEARS TO.
THAT WILL CHANGE UNDER THIS
PROPOSAL.
A WHITE NATIONALIST PLOT?
THAT MAY BE THE DUMBEST AND MOST
DISHONEST TALKING POINTS AT ALL.
IT'S POISONOUS AND IT MAKES
THEMSELVES.
OF COURSE, THEY'RE NOT.
LYING.
MAYBE THEY'VE CONVINCED
THEMSELVES THAT RHETORIC IS
TRUE.
IT'S POSSIBLE THE DEMOCRATIC
THEIR NEW POSITION AS IT IS IS
IT'S IMMORAL TO RESTRICT ANY
KIND OF IMMIGRATION FROM ANY
EVEN ENFORCING OUR OWN EXISTING
LAWS, THE ONES THAT THEY VOTED
FOR AND PASSED IN CONGRESS IS
NOW AMOUNTED TO A HATE CRIME.
OF THE SO BY DEFINITION,
DEMOCRATS ARE EXTREMISTS ON THE
THIS IS THEIR NEW ELECTORAL
STRATEGY.
THESE ARE THEIR NEW VOTERS.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING ME ON AGAI
AGAIN.
>> Tucker: THERE MAY BE THINGS
ABOUT THIS PLAN YOU DON'T LIKE,
GIVES A LEGALIZATION AND AMNESTY
IN THE PATH OF CITIZENSHIP FOR
MORE THAN 2 MILLION PEOPLE HERE
ILLEGALLY, NONE OF THEM WHITE IS
WHITE THE PREMISES.
HOW DOES THAT WORK?
SPEAK UP WE HAVE TO TAKE A STEP
BACK AND LOOK AT THIS FROM THE
BEGINNING.
THE REASON WE ARE IN THIS CHAOS
OF YOUNG PEOPLE'S LIVES BEING ON
THE LINE IS BECAUSE THE
PRESIDENT RESCINDED DACA, THE
PROGRAM THAT GAVE UNDOCUMENTED
YOUNG PEOPLE WORK TO GO TO
SCHOOL AND DRIVE AND PAY TAXES.
HE ENDED THAT PROGRAM AND THAT
IS WHY WE ARE IN THIS SITUATION.
>> Martha: STOP.
I'M GOING TO ASK YOU A QUESTION.
>> IT'S MY TURN TO SPEAK.
>> Martha: I DON'T BELIEVE IT
IS.
I'M GOING TO ASK YOU ABOUT THE
DISCUSSION TODAY, NOT ABOUT THE
ROOTS OF DACA WHICH I'M HAPPY TO
DEBATE WITH YOU AND SOME OTHER
FORM.
IS WHITE SUPREMACY.
I WOULD LIKE YOU TO TELL ME --
>> I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE YOU AN
ANSWER IF YOU WOULD LET ME.
>> Martha: IF YOU COULD GIVE
ME A CRISP ANSWER AND NOT
FILIBUSTER, I'D APPRECIATE IT.
BECAUSE HE WANTED TO HOLD
HOSTAGE AND USE AS BARGAINING
CHIPS THE LIVES OF 8,000
UNDOCUMENTED PEOPLE WHO HAVE
BEEN HERE THEIR ENTIRE LIVES WHO
ARE AMERICAN AND EVERY SINGLE
WAY AND NOW, WHAT WE ARE TRYING
TO DO IS TO CREATE A
SECOND-CLASS CITIZEN.
THAT'S WHAT THIS PROGRAM DOES.
>> Martha: CAN YOU ANSWER THE
HERE ILLEGALLY AMNESTY AND A
PATH TO CITIZENSHIP WHICH IS
WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN ASKING FOR
AND RECALLING THAT WHITES OF
THOSE WORDS ARE NOT COME OUT OF
PLAN, WHAT IT DOES, IT CREATES A
SECOND-CLASS CITIZEN BECAUSE IT
SAYS THAT THE DREAMERS CAN
BECOME CITIZENS THEMSELVES, BUT
THEY CANNOT SPONSOR THEIR
THOSE RIGHTS ARE DIFFERENT THAN
THE RIGHTS THAT YOU HAVE AND YOU
JUST SAID EARLIER THAT THIS
PLAN, THE 2 MILLION PEOPLE, THAT
NONE OF THEM ARE WHITE, WHICH IS
UNTRUE BECAUSE THERE ARE
UNDOCUMENTED WHITE PEOPLE.
THERE ARE 50,000 UNDOCUMENTED
IRISH PEOPLE LIVING IN
NEW YORK CITY.
>> Martha: YOU'RE RIGHT.
THEY'RE NOT COVERED BY THIS.
THAT'S MY ONLY POINT.
SPEAK OUT THERE ARE DREAMERS WHO
ARE WHITE.
RACE OF THE DREAMERS.
I DO BELIEVE YOU.
MY ONLY POINT IS THE WAY YOU'RE
SEEING IT TODAY IS NOT AN
EXPRESSION OF WHITES PREMISES SO
I WISH YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
WOULD START MAKING THAT POINT
BECAUSE IT'S A LIE AND IT'S
DIVISIVE.
THAT'S MY ONLY POINT BECAUSE IS
NOT TRUE.
AND MAKES PEOPLE HATE EACH
OTHER.
WHO ARE MOSTLY PEOPLE OF COLOR
THAT IS RACIST.
>> Tucker: YOU HAVE THE
COUNTRY ILLEGALLY AS YOU DEAD.
>> I CAME ON A TOURIST VISA.
I DO NOT COME ILLEGALLY.
>> Tucker: I MISUNDERSTOOD
>> Tucker: SO YOU WERE HERE
ILLEGALLY.
THAT'S WHAT I JUST SAID.
YOU'RE SAYING THAT THE PARENTS
A CITIZEN.
>> I'M NOW A U.S. CITIZEN AND IF
I WANT MY MOTHER TO BE ABLE TO
COME VISIT ME AND TO BE ABLE TO
COME BE WITH ME AS A
YOU HAVE THAT RIGHT.
>> Tucker: YOU SNEAK INTO THE
NOW YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO
CITIZENSHIP BECAUSE WERE THE ONE
WHO CAUSED THIS PROBLEM, THAT
PARENT IN THE FIRST PLACE BY
BRINGING OUR CHILD HERE
WHY SHOULD I BE FOR THAT?
SPEAK OUT ROLLING BACK TO THE
POINT I WAS MAKING AT THE
BEGINNING OF THE SEGMENT --
>> Martha: HOW ABOUT YOU
ANSWER MY QUESTION?
SPEAK OF THE PRESIDENT ENDED
THAT DEBATE.
YOU'RE NOT ANSWERING MY QUESTION
YOU'RE NOT ANSWERING MY QUESTIO
QUESTION.
YOU'RE SAYING IF I SNEAK INTO
COUNTRY ARE KIND ENOUGH TO GIVE
THAT CHILD CITIZENSHIP.
IT'S A SIMPLE QUESTION, WHY
DON'T YOU GIVE ME A SIMPLE
ANSWER?
SPEAK OF THE REASON WHY IS AS
THE PEOPLE
BECOME UNITED STATES
CITIZENS, THEY SHOULD HAVE THE
RIGHTS OF ANY OTHER AMERICAN
CITIZEN.
WHY SHOULD THIS PERSON IF WE'RE
MAKING THEM CITIZENS --
>> Tucker: BECAUSE YOU CAME
HERE ILLEGALLY AND WE DON'T WANT
TO APPROVE THAT BEHAVIOR.
LET ME ASK YOU REALLY QUICK.
THE ACLU DESCRIBED THIS AS A
SUPPOSE A GENEROSITY OF GIVING
CITIZENSHIPS TO PEOPLE WHO ARE
HERE ILLEGALLY.
CITIZENSHIP TO PEOPLE WHO CAME
HERE ILLEGALLY?
ABOUT TWO DIFFERENT THINGS.
>> Tucker: I'M ASKING YOU A
SIMPLE QUESTION.
IS IT GENEROUS TO GET PEOPLE WHO
WERE HERE ILLEGALLY CITIZENSHIP?
>> I DON'T THINK IT'S GENEROUS
>> Tucker: I DON'T KNOW WHY WE